Overworked and underpaid 
Nothing much This one is so trite that it takes a few moments for the humor to sink in
I don't know, you tell me  How am I right now?
Can't complain  Nobody listens anyway 
Good enough  (This one will definitely keep them guessing   
If I were any better, I'd be you 
Quite how, thank you  (This makes no sense, but it's funny   
Not so well, does that bother you?
Nice and dandy like cotton candy  (Dandy rhymes with cotton candy!  
I can't complain! It's against the Company Policy 
Average  Not terrific, not terrible, just average 
If I were any better, I'd be illegal 
So far, so good!
How dare you! (If you don’t have an immediate reply in mind, just say this automatically  LOL  
Better now that I'm talking to you 
Well, I haven't had my morning coffee yet and no one has gotten hurt, so I'd say so far, so good 
Well unless the weather has different plans in store 
Maybe one day you'll be lucky enough to find out 
I'm better than I was, but not nearly as good as I'm going to be.
I think I'm doing OK. How do you think I'm doing?
I can’t complain, but sometimes I still do.
I am blessed!
Way better than I deserve!
 it's too early to tell.
I dunno. Is it Friday yet?
I don’t feel that great, but my hair looks awesome, right?
I have a pulse, so I must be okay.
Doing well, unless you have an airborne disease and infect me with some pathogens.
I'm doing really well. [Then pause and say] "Of course, that could be my anti-depressant prescription talking."
Oh, you know, every day is better than the next.
Better than some, not as good as others.
My psychiatrist told me not to discuss it with strangers.
Medium well. (What are you, a steak?)
All right so far, but there's still time for everything to go horribly wrong. (Ah, the forever pessimist.)
I’m trying really hard to avoid ambiguous questions at the moment.
Wondering how you are.
How do you think I am?
I’ll leave that up to your imagination.
It's a secret.
Do you want the short or long version?
I would be lying if I said I’m fine.
I’m pretty sure I am not obligated to tell you.
I’m ready for a nap. (I’m sure you are.)
Surviving, I guess.
Not as good as you.
Holy sh*t, you can see me?! (This never fails in bringing on the chuckles.)
In need of some peace and quiet.
Under renovation.
Remembering to stay patient.
I'm sober! (Congratulations!)
On a scale from one to punching someone in the face?
Dancing to the rhythm of life.
Imagining myself having a fabulous vacation.
Horrible, now that I've met you.
You do not want to know.
That is a really wonderful question. Ummm...
Happy and you know it. [*clap your hands*]
Next question, please.
In order to answer the question, I need to take you back about ten years. Do you have a moment?
Living a life of denial and suppressed rage.
Slowly but surely dying.
Fair to partly cloudy.
"Hey look over there!" [*punch person in the throat*] (Remember kids, do not try this at home.)
Groovy!
Well, I've got this rash on my left butt cheek. (Way to make the conversation awkward!)
Not bad. Could be better. Could be payday.
Better on the inside than I look on the outside.
Great, stellar, fantastic... but dead inside.
Okay, since my name wasn't in today's obituaries.
Oh terrible, but I'm used to it. (I feel you, friend.)
What's with all the questions? You a cop?
As opposed to what?
Sunshine all day long!
You go first so we can compare.
I'm not sure yet.
Living the dream... but half the time it's a nightmare.
Not quite there yet. (Where is there?)
Dangerously close to fabulous.
You're lookin' at it.
Real terrible, thanks for asking.
I am high-quality.
The doctor said I'd live.